your homework takes forever
but time is money to install into the cartridge
drills of various devices leaves a lot
time enough to spend time when there is
half time grill
hello i give brash wheels today we
show new striking device
which saves you time
drill a hole and return immediately
screw without losing a second and
this half time drill we will meet with
one married couple and they will show
work difference half time shaved
and without it you will learn how to purchase
half time warmed up and it will all be very
soon your homework takes away
an eternity and on the installation of a drill chuck
a lot of different devices
time enough to spend time when there is
half time drill introduce device
half time
drill is an opportunity to drill them
change tool
screw up in seconds you don't
will have to change the device in the process
Works have drill
will work your old
tools only much more efficiently
let's say there are 2 different nozzles 1 drills
hole
switch the nozzle and you can return
screw to tighten the nut and other difficulties
any work disappear you go from
drill to a crosshead screwdriver
screwdrivers to flat any combinations for
any work
cracks in wood are excluded this nozzle
countersink will give a professional result
time is halved for
professionals for amateurs
even for the stupid, save time and money
this is a breakthrough new patent
the fixture will allow exactly
switch from drill to screwdriver
speeding up work at times
even such a difficult job which
usually took days now takes two
times less and change nozzles while standing on
stepladder and dangerous and difficult have time
trial is fantastic
I use it around the house constantly often
have to work on a stepladder
having a longtime shave is much easier to change
drill nozzles in advance by selecting the right
combination drill bit in different sizes
different types of screwdrivers and
flat have to andrey saving
devices without him housework
complicate take advantage of our
offer and you will get half time
drill set of universal nozzles for
drills
Includes 8 crosses prominent
8 flat screwdriver bits
screwdriver bit
two nozzles for one universal drill
key and case for free